Contribution.md, before:

# NO MODIFIED INFO YET

# Contributing to Transcriptase
We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features
- Becoming a maintainer

## We Develop with Github
We use github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## We Use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html), So All Code Changes Happen Through Pull Requests
Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase (we use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)). We actively welcome your pull requests:

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.
2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4. Ensure the test suite passes.
5. Make sure your code lints.
6. Issue that pull request!

## Any contributions you make will be under the MIT Software License
In short, when you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [MIT License](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) that covers the project. Feel free to contact the maintainers if that's a concern.

## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/briandk/transcriptase-atom/issues)
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](); it's that easy!

## Write bug reports with detail, background, and sample code
[This is an example](http://stackoverflow.com/q/12488905/180626) of a bug report I wrote, and I think it's not a bad model. Here's [another example from Craig Hockenberry](http://www.openradar.me/11905408), an app developer whom I greatly respect.

**Great Bug Reports** tend to have:

- A quick summary and/or background
- Steps to reproduce
  - Be specific!
  - Give sample code if you can. [My stackoverflow question](http://stackoverflow.com/q/12488905/180626) includes sample code that *anyone* with a base R setup can run to reproduce what I was seeing
- What you expected would happen
- What actually happens
- Notes (possibly including why you think this might be happening, or stuff you tried that didn't work)

People *love* thorough bug reports. I'm not even kidding.

## Use a Consistent Coding Style
I'm again borrowing these from [Facebook's Guidelines](https://github.com/facebook/draft-js/blob/a9316a723f9e918afde44dea68b5f9f39b7d9b00/CONTRIBUTING.md)

* 2 spaces for indentation rather than tabs
* You can try running `npm run lint` for style unification

## License
By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its MIT License.

## References
This document was adapted from the open-source contribution guidelines for [Facebook's Draft](https://github.com/facebook/draft-js/blob/a9316a723f9e918afde44dea68b5f9f39b7d9b00/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Commit message:

modified contribution.md to fit our project

Contribution.md, after:

# Contributing to Poppin'
We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features
- Becoming a maintainer

## We Develop with Github
We use github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## We Use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html), So All Code Changes Happen Through Pull Requests
Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase (we use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)). We actively welcome your pull requests:

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.
2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4. Ensure the test suite passes.
5. Make sure your code lints.
6. Issue that pull request!

## Any contributions you make will be under the MIT Software License
In short, when you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [MIT License](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) that covers the project. Feel free to contact the maintainers if that's a concern.

## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/ECE444-2023Fall/project-1-web-application-design-group17-jigglies/issues)
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](https://github.com/ECE444-2023Fall/project-1-web-application-design-group17-jigglies/issues/new); it's that easy!

## Write bug reports with detail, background, and sample code
[This is an example](http://stackoverflow.com/q/12488905/180626) of a bug report briandk wrote, and I think it's not a bad model. Here's [another example from Craig Hockenberry](http://www.openradar.me/11905408), an app developer whom briandk greatly respects.

**Great Bug Reports** tend to have:

- A quick summary and/or background
- Steps to reproduce
  - Be specific!
  - Give sample code if you can. [My stackoverflow question](http://stackoverflow.com/q/12488905/180626) includes sample code that *anyone* with a base R setup can run to reproduce what I was seeing
- What you expected would happen
- What actually happens
- Notes (possibly including why you think this might be happening, or stuff you tried that didn't work)

People *love* thorough bug reports. I'm not even kidding.

## Use a Consistent Coding Style
I'm again borrowing these from [Facebook's Guidelines](https://github.com/facebook/draft-js/blob/a9316a723f9e918afde44dea68b5f9f39b7d9b00/CONTRIBUTING.md)

* 2 spaces for indentation rather than tabs
* You can try running `npm run lint` for style unification

## License
By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its MIT License.

## References
This document was modified from [briandk's CONTRIBUTION.md](https://gist.github.com/briandk/3d2e8b3ec8daf5a27a62)
which was adapted from the open-source contribution guidelines for [Facebook's Draft](https://github.com/facebook/draft-js/blob/a9316a723f9e918afde44dea68b5f9f39b7d9b00/CONTRIBUTING.md)
